on Snick.
Some stories can only be told at night,
and the Midnight Society is telling them,
watch Are You Afraid of the Dart?
Saturday nights at 938-30 Central only on Snick.
We all love that.
It's in the shape of a smack of honey.
The taste is really on, and it looks kind of funny.
The taste.
Crunch is in the shape of a pumpkin-funky honey.
The crunch is really great.
The crunch is on the bunny.
The taste.
Breakfast.
The taste is here.
From Walt Disney Pictures comes the story of three
extraordinary friends on an incredible journey home.
Almost just over that mountain.
Wow.
I hope you know what you're doing.
A journey into danger.
Whoa.
Guys, wait up, wait up.
Where they must work together.
Hang on, Sassy.
If they hope to survive.
I mean, this is like going on sports, a kiddie.
Walt Disney Pictures presents Homeward Bound,
The Incredible Journey, rated G.
Starts Friday, February 12th at a theater near you.
It's the G.I. Joe Hall of Fame Collection.
Duke, Stalker, Snake Eyes and Cormor Commander.
Each 12 inches tall and authentically detailed
with real combat accessories and lightened sound weapons
for really big action.
The G.I. Joe Hall of Fame Collection.
It's a whole new way to play.
Figure sold separately.
Fantastic roses may find thee.
I love the colors.
Please smell.
Tastic roses rose maker set comes with red and pink paper.
Refill sold separately.
Cocoa here is the shade of the trees.
Making a break with my Cocoa Krispies.
When an ugly, odd van comes along.
Sticking his snout where it doesn't belong.
He loves their taste.
So chocolatey, but he's no good being nosy.
When you go home, Krispies bless you.
Part of a complete breakfast.
Kellogg's come to Krispies.
He will turn the milk chocolatey.
With every bite, so chocolatey.
Oh, everybody wants my Cocoa Krispies.
Remember that old saying, it's better to give
than to receive.
Yes!
Well, give yourself a thrill with the new
Home Alone 2 Super Nintendo Video Game.
Also available for your Game Boy and Nintendo Entertainment System.
Warning! Repeated exposure to Ren and Stimpy's
Space Cadet Adventures may cause temporary space madness.
People go crazy on these long trips.
It's Ren and Stimpy's Space Cadet Adventures.
The latest craze for your Nintendo Game Boy.
Every little girl loves little trolls.
But what do guys wish for?
Battle Trolls Around the Controls
Battle Trolls, big-haired dudes with bad attitudes.
Born to battle.
Even other Battle Trolls, Troll Call,
Trominator, Controllular, Nunchuck Troll,
Bullseye Troll in the Trollin' Launcher,
Men Troll in his Trollosaurus.
Battle Trolls Around the Controls
Trolls and trolls that eat so separately.
Pink Yellow A-B-C from A to Z.
Alphabets and Marshmallow Alphabets Serials.
Part of this breakfast so nutritious.
We want more alphabets because they're A-B-C.
From out of room Mesa, a new legend is born.
He goes with groups and hides and whores.
Wild West Cowboys.
Sheriff Charibou was quipping up a scheme
and his Cowboys game was looking real mean.
But room Montana's always ready for trouble
and he stopped that sheriff with his quick-drawn double.
Wild West Cowboys.
Colorado Rooftop is a matter of course.
Geronimo Rode the Iron Horse with Cannon Blaze
and he showed him who's best.
The good guys win.
Wild West Cowboys come with everything you see here.
Figures in Iron Horse eat so separately.
Two of your favorites, M&M's and Peanut Butter,
are together at last.
Introducing M&M's Peanut Butter Chocolate Candies.
Pure Milk Chocolate.
Real Peanut Butter, your favorite chocolate candy.
Now with Creamy Peanut Butter.
New M&M's Peanut Butter Chocolate Candies.
The best thing to happen to Peanut Butter.
Since Jelly.
Now you can own the Disney films that captured your heart.
Old Yeller.
Camero Boy.
Pollyanna.
I found a reason for being glad.
The Absent-Minded Professor.
I've discovered a flunker.
The Love Bug.
Herbie's alright.
Davey Crockett.
So pick up your favorite Disney movie
and get $3 off when you buy two different Nestle products.
I love Cocoa Pops.
Seems this old team loves the big leaf
chocolatey taste of Cocoa Pops.
More than Facebook.
Not these, Sonny.
I love Facebook more than anything.
Oh yeah?
What?
It is chocolatey.
He's going, going.
Cocoa Pops.
As part of his complete breakfast, Cocoa Pops is...
The chocolatey taste to go.
Cocoa Pops.
Ranger's stomach, brain disease, brain disease.
Stomach, it's affirmative.
Stop your billiarding.
He's producing I.C. protein.
Bubblegum.
We all come to con.
So sweet little puffs of wheat.
Bad kitty.
Na-na-na-na-na.
Take that kitty.
Dirty prowess there.
Now for those yummy snacks.
Nice driving, Captain Kitty.
Yes, let Kellogg's Macs be part of your complete breakfast.
My Macs.
I dig out.
Snicks.
Snicks there.
Snicks here.
It's sneaking out.
Saturday night.
Nickelodeon.
Snicks.
The photography has really opened up a new channel to my creative inner self.
And it gets me at a home Mac.
Then yesterday, I found out the dispatch is holding a photography contest.
So, I've got three days to take the perfect picture.
Now, I almost had a great picture of Mom.
But a UFO landed in the kitchen.
That's UFO as an ugly, furbed-out oddball.
Okay, so then I almost had Dad.
Still, I did manage to get the best photo ever taken of dork breath.
Of course, it needed a little retouching to capture his true essence.
Andy Warhol once said, everyone is famous for 15 minutes.
Ferguson will be lucky if he's famous for 15 seconds.
But if his fame ever grows beyond that, I'm moving.
Tavina.
Hmm.
I wonder.
Is my prize-winning photo out there?
Or could it be right here?
Say cheese.
First, if I don't get started on dinner, what you see is what you're gonna get.
I'll get it.
Hello.
Oh, Ned.
Not Ned. Bigmouth Supersteen.
Marshall, hang up the phone. Just hang up right now.
Are you with him just a second, Ned?
I can't just hang up on him. He's our neighbor.
This could be important.
Ned, is this important? He says it's important.
He just wants to keep you on the phone.
Mom, remember the last time he called to say that his lawn mower was bigger than ours?
And you went on about that silly metal match of 3,000.
There's still a space where the hedges used to be.
Don't worry. I'm not gonna get dragged into anything.
Just watch me.
Hmm.
All right.
Okay, Ned, what is it?
Oh, he did it.
Well, congratulations. We're very happy for you.
Now, you'll excuse me. I was just about to sit down and...
Oh, yeah?
Oh, no.
It always starts this way.
Well, big deal. I mean, any kid can do that.
And Marshall, no, not the children.
Well, he could if he wanted to.
Me? Me?
Nice knowing you, Ferg face.
All right. All right. Great.
If you want to put it that way, I'll put 20 bucks on it.
Hey, any darling can do it.
Any superstar can do it.
And bed.
Ooh, what's for dinner?
Marshall, what have you done?
Nothing.
Ferguson, we have to talk after dinner.
Marshall?
Well...
Ned was going on about that dumb jock kid he is.
Ooh, nerd junior.
And?
Well, Ned said that he made the football team,
and then the funniest thing happened.
This better be a big laugh, Marshall.
I bet him that Ferguson could play football too.
Football? Ferguson? Dad?
Me and Mudd and Cleats and Payne?
You must be thinking of your other only son.
You're much bigger, other only son.
No, you're right. You're right, Ferguson.
I guess I just... I lost my head.
I guess that, you know, once Ned pushes my competitive button,
I can be talked into anything.
Anything?
Yeah, I just seem to lose restraint.
Before I know it, I'm agreeing to...
Well, you name it.
Gee, Dad, it's awful to think that somebody could just
take advantage of you like this.
But while we're talking, let's consider a moment.
Football is a great way to boost my popularity at school.
What popularity at school?
Although for me to really give it my all,
perhaps a bonus incentive program is worth exploring.
No, no, I just think it'll be easier to call the whole thing off.
It's, you know...
What kind of a bonus were you thinking about?
Well, I hadn't really given it much thought.
Of course, there is always the super speak to looks,
cellular calling.
So you can call for help when the offensive line rips your lungs out?
Marshall, you're not putting Ferguson in danger
just to keep up with the sofa states.
You're right. It's wrong.
Unless, of course, he really wants to.
Put me in, coach.
I'm ready to win one for the flipper.
That's gipper.
Come on, take a picture.
You're witnessing a darling family moment
that's going to go down in history.
And if you try to play football, you're going to be history.
Only a confirmed Anthony Kida's sighting
would get me up at this hour.
But then I thought I should be here for my younger brother.
Besides, I could use a good laugh.
Is it four fingers over the laces
or four fingers under the laces?
Hey, there he is.
Do you want a limber up?
I'd rather not, Dad.
I'm pacing myself in calisthenics.
Might throw me off.
Yeah, you're right, big guy.
Okay, you want to go out for one?
Pizza?
Ferguson?
Okay, Dad.
Yeah, go deep.
A little bit deeper.
Yeah, like in the next state.
In the window.
Sorry, Ned.
Don't worry about it.
Send me a bill.
I'm still going to win the bet, though.
How did I do, Dad?
Not bad.
The next time, try it with your arms up to catch.
Can we get the ball back, Dad?
No!
Well, you're almost there.
All you need now is a little speed, strength, and coordination.
Pass the arm, Dad.
Still sore from the pass you threw me?
Yeah.
But it sort of feels good in a way.
It reminds me of my college football injury.
Oh, I remember every moment of that day
as though it were yesterday.
You are entering another dimension.
A dimension not only of sight and sound,
but of Dad's mind.
Your next stop, the parental memory zone.
How the sun beat down, how the crowd cheered,
how that muddy field smelled like mud.
Submitted for your approval,
one, Marshall Darling,
a college hippie who painted peace signs all over his BW van.
Why did he play the brutal sport of football?
It was his Dad's idea.
His Dad said, son, play football, or we'll sell you a van.
Everything was depending on me.
Do or die, Darling, you called me.
Yeah.
It was the Count.
Dad.
And the Snap.
And the Hole.
Dad!
You've all heard the story before, Dad.
You were the guy holding the ball, the kicker missed,
and broke your hand.
A week later, my Dad sold the van.
I'm worried about Ferguson getting injured.
You are a little slight, dear.
Football players are bigger than the average person.
You might get hurt.
It's funny, though.
It was the small guy in our team who never got injured.
Shrimpy Sherman Tuliper.
Yeah, he was so small, so crafty.
He even got recruited, one of the Big Ten schools.
Recruited?
As in free cars, big apartments, and cute babes recruited?
He really hit the big time.
Dad, I think we've got a game plan here.
Are you ready?
Ferguson, darling, America's smallest student football player.
Now, that's the spirit.
Imagine that.
Hasn't even had his first head injury, and already he's hilarious.
I don't have to be a full-back, a half-back, or a quarterback.
Football offers many career paths.
I could be a running back, or a punter.
Or a football.
Dear, maybe you should consider a sport that uses brains instead of brawn.
Mom, did you see any athletics shoe companies handing out million-dollar advances
for Air Einstein?
I just want to run the numbers on this.
We're talking book deals, clothing lines, maybe even a TV series.
I'm a little worried that he's putting the cart before the horse.
More like the coffin before the hearse.
Ferguson's football fever is really starting to get to me.
Why couldn't he just join the bike club, or the Step Appreciation Society?
The way I see it, there are only two ways he could make his mark on the field.
Mark heroically.
Me unlikely.
Number two, he makes the kind of mark only a groundskeeper can appreciate.
Personally, I bet on it.
As much as it pains me, I have to help him out.
After all, I am his only sister, and if I don't help him out, who will?
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Like the latest addition to my wardrobe?
Cool.
I went last night, 10th row.
Are we having a test I should know about?
I'm facing a test against one of the most fearsome adversaries known to modern man or woman.
What's Ferguson done now?
He's trying out for the football team.
So how's popular medical trauma going to help?
I figure if I print out every possible football injury he could suffer,
he'll revert back to his cowardly self.
What's a metacarpal?
I don't know. Something that gets fractured.
Excuse me, kids.
Do you know some huge linebacker that plays on the football team?
That would be Wally Buttermann.
Well, whoever he is, I hear he's gunning for Ferguson.
He wants to stomp America's smallest student football player.
Whoa, that guy's nuts.
Last year, before the regional championship, he shaved his head.
Well, I mean, kids did that even in my day to look tough.
Wally didn't just shave his head, Dad.
He ate the hair.
Oh. Well, if you see Ferguson, tell him I have to talk to him immediately, okay?
Okay, Dad. There's got to be something we can do.
He's pretty far gone if he thinks he can make the football team.
He can't even climb a flight of stairs without getting winded.
That's it.
What's it?
Ferguson is out of shape, so we'll just use his shape against him.
The fryouts are in two days.
Until then, we exercise him until he drops.
And then what?
And then he'll go to practice.
He'll be so tired, he'll pass out before the first pass.
What do you think?
Sounds exhausting.
Need an assistant coach?
Get some sleep.
Tomorrow's gonna be ugly.
It's gonna be brutal.
It's gonna be fun.
Every little girl loves little trolls, but what do guys wish for?
Battle trolls.
Big-haired dudes with bad attitudes.
Born to battle.
Even other battle trolls.
Troll call.
Trollinator.
Control your luck.
Nunchuck troll.
Bullseye troll in the troll net launcher.
Men troll in his trollas are as bad as battle trolls.
The trolls that eat salt separately.
Remember that old saying, it's better to give than to receive?
Yes.
Well, give yourself a thrill with the new Home Alone 2
Super Nintendo video game.
Also available for your Game Boy and Nintendo Entertainment system.
Warning!
Repeated exposure to Ren and Stimpy's Space Cadet Adventures
may cause temporary space madness.
People go crazy on these long trips.
It's Ren and Stimpy's Space Cadet Adventures.
The latest craze for your Nintendo Game Boy.
It's never easy to say goodbye to a horse.
So join Nick at Night as we say,
Au revoir, Mr. Edd.
With an entire weekend of classic Edison's,
35 of his best, carefully selected to prepare you for life after Edd.
No Edd, no, don't cry, please Edd.
It sure would mean a lot to Edd.
Don't say goodbye, say,
Au revoir, Mr. Edd.
Starting this Saturday at 10-9 Central on Nick at Night.
Brought to you by Ralston, Purina Katchau
and Vaseline Intensive Care.
Clarissa's back and ready to snick.
Now on Nick.
Time to kick off Ferguson's training schedule
with a gentle wake-up call.
You'll pay for this.
Okay, Fergbreath.
I just thought you could use a little football practice
before you become a grease spot on Wally Buttermann's uniform.
You're getting just like Dad.
I'm not afraid of Wally Buttermann.
Don't you remember the little guy on Dad's team who never got hurt?
He was quick, he was crafty.
He was everything you're not.
Besides, I checked out Dad's yearbook.
True, he was short, just five foot three,
but he weighed 275 pounds.
That's four of you standing side by side.
Dad never mentioned that.
Must have slipped his mind.
Well, if you feel ready to hit the field with guys
who've already had their growth spurt, pleasant dreams.
Sis, please.
I guess you couldn't hurt if you, you know, helped.
What can I do?
I thought you'd never ask.
It was one glorious morning
that would forever shake the sporting world.
My little brother would never again be a 98 pound weakling.
He was to become that day a jock.
Full attention for the final part of your training program.
We're gonna screen some tapes.
Cool. You have shopping mall slash or four.
Football tapes, you ding dong.
What do you have, Sam?
This is where my dad reviewed.
It's called football's hardest hits.
I forget what your dad wrote. How did it go again?
He said it was the best football video so far
to not only reveal the savage brutality of the game,
but also the bloody aftermath.
Before we screen this, I just better check.
Do you have high blood pressure, heart condition,
or unexplained dizzy spells?
No.
Then we can watch.
First and 10, it's a hem up to Kowalski.
Here he comes.
Boom, and there he goes.
I never knew Lex could bend in that direction.
Watch number 37.
He's got his arm up to pass.
That's it. Oh, that's one football
that'll have to be removed surgically.
And here's someone you won't forget,
Trippie Sherman Tulipers.
It is first pro game.
Hey, that's the guy from dad's school.
Now, and that's the career ending injury.
That's it.
Fame, pushing football, forget it.
Hey, wait, it's not over.
The Ferguson's football fever is.
Okay, now that I've scared Ferdinand Wittles,
it's time for a little consolation prize.
Here's the financial giants trading card series.
Here's Lee Iacocca, Donald Trump, and Ross Perot.
This will show Ferg Basick and stay at home,
stay safe, and still be a greed-headed weevil.
Okay, Ferguson, I'll trade you three
Nelson Rockefellers for Alice Tully.
What are you doing in uniform?
I've got to go to football practice.
What? You can't!
Sintermann!
I am.
Look what I found taped to my locker.
Frontier, you are dead meat W.
Did somebody write this with their foot?
More like their fist.
Wally Buttermann says if I show up to practice,
help hound me.
So don't go!
He also says if I don't show up to practice,
help hound me.
What?
That big bully.
Don't worry, Ferg Basick.
I'll protect you.
Sis, we're talking about a guy who's six times
your body weight and shaves with a brick.
Listen to me, Ferguson.
Don't go. Stay home. It's for your own good.
Sis, a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do.
You're not a man yet, devil boy.
Just let me get this over with.
If I'm going to take a pounding,
I might as well do it with a helmet on.
Well, you have a point.
All right.
Go ahead and do it.
If you can get past me.
Great.
The one move I teach him and it has to work.
On me.
Well, operation Savapurg failed
and he made it to football practice after all.
Here are the instant replay highlights of the day.
Ferguson is really desperate.
Added padding to his padding.
Too bad they don't make a uniform with an airbag.
Mom's getting ready to soothe Ferguson through his sweet tooth.
Assuming, of course, he's got any teeth left.
And dad's feeling extra guilty.
He designed Ferguson's welcome home greeting.
For any occasion.
And me?
Well, I did what I could to keep my brother in one piece.
Funny, I always thought I'd be the one to brain him
and they used the term brain loosely.
Clarissa, any sign of him?
Nope, not yet.
I feel awful.
I went down to the field, he wasn't there, no one was there.
I don't know whether he's hurt
or he's hiding someplace in disgrace.
Oh, Marshall.
What have I done to him?
Maybe we should call the hospital.
Do paramedics knock?
Ferguson, hey, are you all right?
Huh?
I am so relieved.
Coach, is he really all right?
Of course I'm all right.
Not trampled?
Mom, your concern is gratifying,
but I'm fine, really.
Oh, fine.
Your uniform still has the crease marks in it.
Did you even sit down?
I'll never forgive myself for pushing you to play.
Oh, then you're to blame.
Sorry?
You should be.
Who is this kid and where did he get his ideas about football?
Well, he's not the first, darling,
to taste the fruits of great iron glory.
Well, I hope he's the last.
He got the team together and told him
they should have climate-controlled buses,
travel expenses for pet rallies,
and a piece of the game.
I'm telling you, there is no gate.
Our football games are free.
When he asked for a semester's supply,
a thirst fixer, and chocolate muscle bars,
I had to cut them for the good of the team.
I'll need that uniform back first thing in the morning.
And don't chew on the mouthpiece.
Can you believe that?
It's okay, Ferguson.
You tried, and that's the important thing.
What happened with Wally Butterman?
As soon as he found out I was trying to get free food,
he became my best friend.
I'll go to a slasher movie with him next week.
Personal appearances, sitcoms, game shows,
maybe even a Ferguson doll.
All gone because a coach lacks that vision thing.
Well, at least Ferguson's okay.
That'll help take some of the sting out of
Supersteen's bragging home.
He is gonna be such a jerk for a couple of months.
It's your own fault, Marshall.
Next time he calls, listen to me and hang up.
Just go over there and pay him off and get it over with.
But I'd rather do it on a full stomach.
Good idea, Dad. Wait until after dinner.
More like after breakfast tomorrow, maybe next week.
Poor Dad. I wish there was some way I could help.
It wasn't necessarily wrong to bet on Ferguson.
He just bet the wrong way.
All right, what do you want to watch?
Anything but football, please.
I'm with you. I don't want to ever hear the word
football spoken in this house again.
Did somebody say football?
Where'd you get that?
What?
The jacket.
Oh, you mean the official high school football team jacket?
Easy. I made the team.
You're playing high school football?
No, but I'm taking the pictures.
I was down at the drug store picking up my prints
and I ran into Coach Floyd.
He saw some of the action shots I took of Ferguson
and he liked what he saw.
Of course he did.
Not you, bozo, the pictures.
He said if I could make you look good,
I could make real players look terrific.
So, I'm the new team photographer.
That's great, sport.
Congratulations.
There hasn't been a darling on a football team in 20 years.
Wait a minute.
My bet with Supersteam was
that no darling would ever make the team any darling.
That means we won.
All right.
I hope this means you and Ned will knock it off from now on.
Oh, absolutely.
The only people I'll be competing with
are the Babelbrooks down the street.
They're so much easier to beat.
My prize-winning photo op.
The look on Mr. Supersteam's face isn't worth first prize.
I don't know what is.
Come on, Ferguson.
After we collect,
we'll take a look at some of those cordless phones.
Cordless? What about cellular?
What about we just forget the whole thing?
Cordless, it's good.
Why bother?
All you're gonna hear is people hanging up.
I feel so athletic when I drink that stuff.
It tastes like lime-flavored sweat.
Milk-o.
All right.
Bill.
Catalog?
Ah, something for Clarissa.
Totally cool.
What is it?
I won second prize in the Dispatch Photography Contest.
20 bucks.
What photo did you submit, honey?
Yeah, Ned's Supersteam with his jaw hanging down
on his sneakers when he saw you in your team jacket.
Was it me surrounded by my future admirers
down on Main Street?
No, but it is a photo of Ferguson.
They won the Believe It or Not category.
They're part of the Orange Bowl, Pro Bowl, and the Super Bowl.
But Ferguson's the first darling to make it all the way
to the Serial Bowl.
Hey, give me that.
Come and get it.
Keep on snicking now at the Roundhouse Nickelodeon's
hip-hop comedy shop meet Paula Abdul-Jabbar.
See who's behind the cheerleader pom-poms
and witness an Olympic tongue lashing
next at the Roundhouse as Saturday Night Nickelodeon's
snick continues.
Until now, you can only chuck a soda with a camel on a weekend.
But now Nickelodeon's put,
what would you do in the ozone every weekday
for more courageous people doing outrageous stuff?
Would you eat a mustard donut on Monday?
Talk to a head-on too.
It hit the tides on Wednesday.
Soft shoe on Thursday.
And go on a date with fetal juice on Friday.
Did you marry me?
Well, what would you do every weekday at 6?
Five Central.
Five Central. Only on Nickelodeon.
What would you do?
Look, it's a baby-cup surprise.
Surprise, surprise, baby-cup surprise.
How many baby-cups are there inside?
Good night, baby-cups.
Baby-cup surprise comes at 3, 4, 5, baby-cups.
1 and 4 comes at 4 and 5.
Transformers!
It's the evil Decepticons.
Powerful jets that transform into dangerous Decepticon robots.
They're fighting Starscream with missile launchers and light and sound power packs.
But first, they'll have to battle the heroic Autobots.
Inferno, jazz and side swipe.
They're...
Robots in the sky.
Jazz strikes back with a robot-gripping rocket launcher
and Inferno's water cannon is rain and pain.
Transformers!
Transformers Generation 2.
Autobot cars and Decepticon jets each sold separately.
This is a mouthwater megabyte chunk of bubble yum bubble gum.
And this is a virtual reality cyberspace simulator.
Both really enjoyed the game.
For virtually unreal fun.
So what was the yum?
Bubble yum.
Things to poppin'.
Do your kids like to read?
My kids like to read.
Then give your kids a subscription to Sports Illustrated for Kids.
They love reading about sports figures.
Over 6 million kids think it's fun to read.
Kids read each issue over and over.
Teachers love it too.
The Sports Magazine for Kids would show them that reading can be fun.
Sports Illustrated for Kids has it all.
Exciting photographs, inspiring stories.
Sports Illustrated for Kids is something that Dana and I could read together.
Through their heroes, kids learn about being good winners and good losers.
And it gets kids interested in the world.
Dana could understand that you can't always be a winner.
I think Nicholas would really benefit from seeing what other kids are doing all over the world.
Subscribe now.
You can even use your credit card.
You can find four monthly installments of 474 for 12 exciting issues.
So call now.
If Sports Illustrated for Kids gets my daughter to read, it's a bar.
Kids love getting it in the mail.
It should be absolutely thrilled to get something in the mail.
Sports Illustrated for Kids makes a great gift.
So call Tulp free and subscribe to Sports Illustrated for Kids today.
You can find their species in a book.
You can count their bones in a museum.
But only Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show
puts animals and kids face to face, fin to fin.
Follow the Call of the Wild every Sunday
when Nickelodeon travels from mountain tops to option bottoms
in search of animal adventure.
On Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show
every Sunday at 5, 4 central.
On the only network for you, Nickelodeon.
Aren't you glad there's Nickelodeon after a day?
Yogi and Boo-Boo Yogi
and Boo-Boo Yogi
and Boo-Boo Wee days on Nick.
Yogi and Boo have nothing to do but get in
to travel weekdays on Nick.
There's Boo-Yogi's a big salute.
Boo-Boo is apple juice.
Together they spend their day searching for boo.
Cakes, pies, cakes, pies, chips, pies.
Catch Nickelodeon's Most Wanted Yogi Bear.
Wee days on Nick.
Oh, yeah.
Call now to order Battle Darts.
Call this number to order now.
Battle Darts comes with two shields and four darts.
They say you can't judge a book by its cover.
But now there are books you can judge by the cover.
Nickelodeon books.
All the scheming and romancing of 15th
now in a series of books.
What is Dylan's secret?
Who is the victim of books' little lies?
Six never-before-told stories.
Get them and read them.
Now in bookstores everywhere.
This time began.
has played at sports. The earliest sports were somewhat rude. As time went on, sports
became more and more sophisticated. Then came the next natural step, endorsement. And it
soon became apparent that the sports stars were also the ones who were a hit with the
girls. This ensured the survival of sports throughout history. There were professional
sports, college sports, all the way down to sandlot sports, and that means
that inevitably someone's gonna have to be the last one picked.
I think I'm really good, I'm really good.
It's down to just me and Henrietta Klumbacher. Surely they'll pick me before Henrietta.
In the last game she fell down twice during the coin toss.
Tonight on the Blund ear years, Calvin learned something about sportsmanship.
Come on, pick me! Pick me! I'm really good!
I'll pick Henrietta. Henrietta, that means I'm last.
I got picked last. I'll have to live with this shame for the rest of my life.
Luckily, this is a stylized TV show, and I can take a break and go talk to my dad.
Hey, Dad, I got picked last at the ballpark today,
but the only thing that matters is that I play my best, right?
Being picked last doesn't mean anything, right?
Well, son, it means that you're challenged with respect to your athletic selectability.
What does that mean in plain English?
That means that you suck hose water.
Yes, the unfortunate truth is that some people are great at sports,
some people are good, some people are so-so,
and some people really suck hose water.
It is to those suckies that this broadcast is painfully dedicated.
And now, let's go to an overbearing commercial.
You play to win. You give 110%.
You want shoes to do the same.
You want that special edge only the best shoes can give you.
Unfortunately, the best shoes cost more than the total economic output
of some third world countries.
It's so expensive you have to go in with a friend to be able to afford them.
Go ahead, Matt.
Walk.
I can't do it. I just started my left foot. You have to start.
Why do I always have to be the left foot?
Because I put $300 more than you did.
Shared Jordans. Find a friend and put a down payment on a pair today.
Go ahead. Jump.
Jump will be lucky if you make it to the gym.
Shared Jordans. Just do it if you can afford it.
Shared Jordans are the official overpriced shoe of the U.S. Olympian team.
Being short and kind of chunky. Age forced him off the courts.
Now, Biogenetic Science puts two great celebrities into one amazing bundle of mutated jeans.
Introducing Paula Abdul-Jabbar.
It sings. It dances.
You've never seen anything widely mutated.
Man, woman of the U.S. Olympian team.
Hey, guys. Hey, dude. What's up?
We're on the way to our violin lesson.
Why don't you get your viola and check it out?
I wish I could, but my dad's making me play baseball.
I coach little league.
My own son is on my team, so naturally I push him twice as hard.
I was kind of fat and stupid when I was his age, and I didn't play ball.
So I want him to make up for all the glory that I missed.
I want him to win, win, win.
Takes a lot out of a dad being that overbearing, and that's why I eat Cheetes.
Cheetes.
When winning isn't the most important thing, it's the only thing.
Cheetes, the official cereal of the U.S. Olympic team's fathers.
Ready to go get him, Tyga?
Yeah, I guess so.
Guess so?
What kind of a way is that for a victory-hungry animal to respond?
Can I play?
What, baseball?
Yeah.
Get serious. You're a girl.
Yeah, you're a girl.
You get out there and kick some butt.
Every second seems like an hour, hour, hour.
Make it, make it.
Think I'll just stop.
Strike three!
Hi!
House will be back to Snick after this.
I want a dog, and I want kitties.
I want a whole pet shop.
Who has the room?
The littlest pet shop, that's who.
Ah!
Every littlest pet shop pet comes with a home of its own.
Who has meezy berries?
You flap their new tricks for you.
Itty bitty kitties doing kitty things.
I'm faithful puppy to play with pet shop.
Little is pet shop.
Each pet comes with something special and a home of its own.
Eat so it's ethical.
We're roundhouse on Snick.
More time to Snick.
Hey, Dina.
You want to go to the dance and stuff?
You guys are so disbelieving of what just happened.
Did you see that, Jessica?
How to understand what they say and how.
What does she have that I have it?
Eugh!
Is a minus lead-in in Glamline like totally leaving you feeling flat?
Never fear.
With a new Sheebok pump training bra,
you too can be a double D-light.
Sheebok's patented super sturdy air bladder
allows inflation up to 40 psi,
as verified by a U.S. standard tire pressure gauge.
Like, hey, Jessica, thanks for going to the dance and stuff.
Sure, Jeremy.
It's okay.
It's the Sheebok pump.
Whoa!
I wonder if they make one for guys too.
Sorry!
Warning.
Not to be used as a personal flotation device.
Sweater stretcher and patch kit sold separately like and stuff.
Okay, sweetie.
Come on and get up because it's time for school.
Aw, okay.
Waking up!
Getting up!
Hi, mom!
Oh, no!
You promised me you were going to kick this cheerleading habit.
Are you or someone you know struggling
with a cheerleading dependency?
If so, call the Split Center for Cheeraholics.
We have a program designed to help break you
of the cheerleading habit.
The Split Center can custom tailor a program
to suit your needs.
Hi, I'm Ryan, and I'll be okay for a couple weeks or so,
then all of a sudden I get this incredible urge
to pick up my mom and carry her around the house like this.
And like, I'm Sheila, and I don't have to share.
Really, but, okay, well maybe, but I am no flag twirler.
Yeah!
Two months.
Four months!
Six months!
Oh, the Split Center today!
It could be the most important call of your life!
So what are you waiting for?
Give me a C!
Give me an A!
Give me an O!
Give me another O!
Give me shelter!
Ooh, hi there, cutie pie!
You've been all our lives.
Yo, babes, let's go to the beach.
Ah!
Boy, I wish I could be a jock like you!
Are you the type of nerd who doesn't like sports
but want the girls to think you're a jock?
Well then you need stink ups,
the athletic biopads,
to leave you smelling like a jock in minutes.
This is a good place for a stink up!
And attract as many girls as you do flies.
Ooh, take a whip of this guy!
Like Maximilian Frost!
Yeah, baby!
Raise your stock.
Be a jock.
Order your supply of stink ups now while supplies smell.
With your paid subscription to Sports Illuminated,
you get free the incredible phone sneaker.
Come on, you ready to go?
Yeah, let's play!
Want me to get that?
Hold on, I gotta call the mother foot.
Hello?
I told you people already get the New York Times!
Yes, it's the incredible phone sneaker.
Wow, I can't believe it's actually a phone!
Yeah, I don't know how they get in touch with me.
My feet are unlisted.
Actually, do you mind if I make a call?
Is it local?
Sure.
Okay, make it quick,
because my last sneaker bill was high!
Hello?
Hey, you'll never believe where I'm calling from.
Do you mind?
It's Johnny's phone sneaker.
Wow, come on his other foot.
I can't believe it's a sneaker and a phone.
Check it out.
It's that incredible combo of bad breath and stink feet.
What will they come up with next?
Order now and you will see free foot waiting.
Sports illuminated phone sneaker.
Looks like a phone.
Smells like a sneaker.
The Sports illuminated phone sneaker
is the official telecommunications footwear
of the U.S. Olympian team.
Hello?
Honey, the sneaker phones busted again!
Sweetie, your phone's in here.
You're talking into your golf shoe again.
The only reason I bought the stupid magazine
was for the swimsuit issue.
Now, back to the making
of the Sports illuminated swimsuit issue.
You know, being a model isn't all glamour.
Some days, you have to sit around in a limo
for about an hour,
and once I got sand in my shoes.
But it's all worth it
just to be lured at by fat,
bald, middle-aged men.
Oh, look at the world!
You tell him, sweetheart.
Those guys are disgusting.
Hi, Dad.
Can I talk to you for a minute?
What now?
Well, yeah, sure you can.
Okay, well, I was thinking,
and I don't think baseball's for me,
so I'm going to go out for the track team.
Oh, honey, why do you want to get involved in sports?
I mean, all you're going to do is get sticky and sweaty.
I mean, why don't you get into modeling or something?
It'll be a cheerleader.
I don't want to be a cheerleader.
I want to be the one out there being cheered.
Look, your mom was a cheerleader,
and she loved it.
Why don't you go talk to her?
Maybe she can talk you into it.
All right.
Hi, Mom.
Dad wants you to talk me into being a cheerleader.
Oh, sweetheart, can I tell you a secret?
Mm-hmm.
I never wanted to be a cheerleader.
I wanted to play basketball.
Really?
Sure!
I used to call myself the Fernwood Flash.
I was great out there on my driveway.
Whoo!
But I never tried out for the team.
How come?
Well, I didn't want to show your father up.
Can I tell you another secret, sweetheart?
Mm-hmm.
When it came to sports,
your father really sucked hose water.
Ooh.
So, we're going to the Chris Cross concert.
Want to come?
No, thanks.
I need to keep training.
See yourself.
See yourself?
Training.
Like, she's really going to make the team.
Yeah, dream on, duh.
Duh.
The guy that thought this up, he is up.
Trunk!
Because where am I flashing?
Me, you see mine!
I have to take off!
Go!
Back to Snick.
After this.
Hip.
Very hot.
Rare.
Very rare.
New.
Very new.
Preview of the 1993 Playoff Football Cards.
They hit this hottest rare
as newest football trading cards ever.
Get them while they're hot.
You got Neaton Kellogg's apple check?
Duh.
This is what it doesn't taste like.
Apple.
It doesn't taste like apples.
So, and you like it?
Duh.
Why?
We just do, okay?
Apple, you send him an apple jacks
as part of this complete breakfast.
He can't explain its great tastes so I try.
Kellogg's apple jacks.
We just get it.
Be careful.
Know how to get the invincibility star?
You will.
Strategy maps on Mark's boxers of Kellogg's apple jacks
give you the edge in six Nintendo games.
Uninvitable.
To unlock your buddy's potential,
We proudly offer solar panels, 32 old-fashioned iron-pumping exercises, each correct in form and balance, all on a simple machine that fits in the corner of your home.
For free brochure, call anytime.
Or roundhouse unnamed, for time to snake.
Are these shoes made for playing basketball in the hard court?
No.
Are they made for playing on the black top?
Are they made for playing at all?
Are they made for any kind of physical activity?
No.
They're Chair Jordans.
The shoes made for doing absolutely nothing, but sitting on your butt.
They're perfect for not jogging, not stretching, not mowing the lawn, not moving.
They offer no cushioning and no art support.
And they have a special blister-inducing instep.
So don't even try to move any suckers.
You could really get hurt.
Chair Jordans, the official non-activity shoe of the U.S. Olympian team.
You hear that, honey?
I could hurt myself.
I guess that lawn's gonna have to go begging again this month.
Oh, the lawn, yes.
Or are you referring to the dust bowl around the house?
Live from the Olympic Not notorious.
The what?
From the Aquatic Center.
What is that?
We now bring you the most precise,
spelletically beautiful of all sports.
Synchronology is swimming.
That is something else.
Sheer artistry.
Yes, I'm sure you watch it for the artistry.
Where's Angie?
I don't know.
I think she's out running again.
She's got a hard set of making the track team.
I hope she's not setting the shelf up for a big let down.
Come on!
How many in there fired to me?
Break me off some!
It was a time all their own.
From all over America, they came to form a little league of their own.
Whole baseball teams made entirely of guys who throw like girls.
Hi, everybody.
And Tormers already had one strike against them in their own league.
But they struck out on their own to excel with plays like the 360 degree whoosh.
And an incredible knack for fighting a bad call.
Oh, but listen up.
I missed the base because my mother told me I can't overexert myself in the heavy pallet season.
You're up!
Crying in baseball?
We can let you copy their science notes.
After a tough day on the baseball field, I can work up a pretty good thirst.
And when I'm thirsty, I don't want some gamey secretion from a waterfall in France.
I want something refreshing.
Well, the name I could pronounce.
That's why I drink hose water.
Hose water comes deep into the cement walls of some of the finest reservoirs in America.
And then it's passed unfiltered through a standard 20-foot ace hardware rubber gardening hose
to give it that refreshing plastic taste.
Hose water's temperature controlled, always lukewarm.
So why go to a yard for drink water?
And what you really want is in your own backyard.
Hose water, regular or dog lick?
Hose water is the official backyard water of the U.S. Olympian chair.
All right, kids, that's it. Hit the showers.
You know, there was a time when I'd say hit the showers and the kids would head for the hills.
They'd rather stink than bare themselves in front of their teammates.
But then I discovered body blinders.
Body blinders are specifically designed to help reduce the urge to take that uneasy curiosity glance
by preventing the wearer from seeing anything but the shower head above him.
Now when I say hit the showers, they head for the showers and the body blinders.
With new body blinders, your body is lean, mean, clean and unseen.
Body blinders are the official comparison prevention device of the U.S. Olympian team.
Angie, it's almost time for 90210. Are you going to watch?
No, thanks. I got to keep training.
Okay.
This Wednesday, a very special Beverly Hills 90210.
It was a summer they'd never forget.
What is it, Mom? What's happened?
It's your brother, honey. I begged him to be more careful.
He was yelling full of dreams.
Why did it have to happen to me?
Dreams that would be shattered by an unseen enemy.
Brandon, what were you thinking, man?
Weren't you protected?
I just want to know why that happened to me!
It's okay, Brandon. There is a cure for jock itch.
Brandon gets jock itch. This Wednesday on 90210.
I can't believe that we've shared towels with everyone that you've ever shared a towel with.
Why does everyone in this house act like it's nothing to happen?
Beverly Hills 90210. Is the official?
I'm not sure I want to go, son.
I just don't know if I want to be there if she gets disappointed.
Oh, come on, honey. What's wrong with having a dream?
The fern would flash.
Praise the theme song and roll the credits.
Whenever my life gets me so down,
I know I can do well in music and get the fun never ends.
As long as the music keeps us safe, I'm afraid.
Oh, hello, everyone. Stimpy here.
And do you smell what I smell?
Is it old socks? Is it rancid milk?
Wait, I know.
That's the unmistakable odor of my lovable pal, Wren.
That means Wren and Stimpy is next.
Oh, I snick for joy.
That's good enough.
Roundhouse is taped before a live studio audience.
At Nickelodeon Studios.
At Universal Studios Orlando Fairbanks.
Just because you're not the same
It doesn't mean you're weird or strange
You're just different
And being different is being great
Just because you're a different one
There's no telling what you might become
Thinking different and being different
Is being great
Just because you don't fit a trend
Doesn't mean you're not as good as them
You're different and being different
Is being great
Just be who you really are
That's what makes a superstar
Being different is being great
It's not who you are and it's who you are
And being yourself is being great
From the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Being different, looking different
Talking different
Thinking things a little different
Being different is being great
Now you can own the Disney films that captured your heart
Oh, Yeller
Camiro, boy
Pollyanna
I found a reason for being glad
The Absent-Minded Professor
I've discovered a flutter
The Love Bug
Herbie's alright
Davey Crockett
So pick up your favorite Disney movie
And get $3 off when you buy two different Nestle products
Great place to kill 12 minutes
You said it, pal
Oh, boy
Some hapless victims
I can hardly wait to scare the veins out of them
Watch me put on my most hideous grimace
Excuse me
I must go freshen up
This calls for the direct approach
Say, what's this?
I know
It's a wood-burning stove
Watch if you dare
You shouldn't juggle strange people's dishes
I'm hungry, Ren
Yeah, me too
I can sure go for a sandwich
Yeah, a sandwich
I'll hide in this bread
What shall we put on it?
How about peanut butter?
Vise
Fish
Jewel
Selfish pig
You would eat all of it
I'm sorry
Think of all those starving yaks out there
That would keel for a meal like that
Man!
Oh, my father
Thank you
Take that
What's it doing, Ren?
A yak always tenderizes his food before he eats it
And that is one for your old man
I'm pushed, old friend
Me too
Let's go up and wet the bed
Sure
I wonder where it is
Let's go up those hideous stairs
Now's my chance
It's so cozy here
I'm going to sleep like the dead
And don't you come back until you take a shower
Now for a brutal display
Of pointless gut-wrenching terror
Happy happy joy joy
Happy happy
Don't forget to wash where the sun don't shine
Oh yeah
It's a good thing I'm already dead
I've had it with this child's play
I'm going to end this
The only way it can end
With me
The winner
Eek of you pigs
Look, Ren, a trick-or-treater
He's come to visit us
Isn't he a cute little rascal
Happy Halloween
Look fellas, I'm a ghost
I've been trying to scare you guys
All through this picture
But I'm a failure
I'm a failure
I couldn't even scare
A paranoid schizophrenic
Aw, come on, try again
We'll do better, I promise
Don't patronize me
It's no use
There's only one thing left to do
I'm gonna end it all
Sweet Lord, no
Are you crazy, man?
You can't do that
Here, do this
What a blast
I'm alive
Killer
Hey, I'll see you on the next shot
Ahh!
Kirk, we'll be back after this
You idiot snake
Nickelodeon wants you to know that not all the scenes in
Are You Afraid of the Dark are scary
For example, in this scene, just a boy listening to the radio
Okay, skip that
Well, right here, just a girl with a flashlight
Next, okay
What's scary here with the glasses?
Wow!
All right, it's a little scary
But if it wasn't, you'd have no excuse to hide under the furniture
Watch, Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Tonight at 9.30, 8.30 Central, only on SNICK
The best thing to happen to Peanut Butter
Since Jelly
Wow, let's count what's come with everything you see here
Figures in our horse eat souls separately
You can find their species in a book
You can count their bones in a museum
But only Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show
Puts animals and kids face to face, fin to fin
Follow the Call of the Wild every Sunday
When Nickelodeon travels from mountain tops to
Option bottoms in search of animal adventure
On Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show
Every Sunday at 5.00, 4.00 Central
On the only network for you, Nickelodeon
All back to snag
Sneak, sneak! How many times do I have to tell you?
A century!
The undisputed tag team champions of the world
The duo of destruction, the love brothers
Lump and love
Whooooa
Beautiful pair, the couple of conclusions
And killer, Cadogan
Hey, Ren
Those guys look big in mean
I think they want to hurt us
Don't worry, Steampie
They see us all pretend
Nobody really gets hurt
They match his rigged
weird good guys you mean it's just a game and we're just pretending to fight
oh boy leave these ruffians to me a fun with a nice mean man watch me put my
famous sleeper hold on it love my name's Stimpy and I've come to play with
you pen and a rassle is the most fun in the whole world come on Ren let me tag you
so you can play no no that's okay Stimpy I already had lots of fun besides I
wouldn't think of depriving you of such a good time G Ren you're such a pal
always thinking of me first well folks it looks like lump has the killer in the
charette it backhanded tongue lock now lump has tagged loaf and it looks like
loaf is going to administer a taste of the awful the insidious flying butt
dear I've been selfish and thoughtless here I am doing all the playing while my
poor pal Ren sits all alone with no one to play with oh boy Ren now it's your turn
to play now play nice I wouldn't want to be in mad dog shoes now make sure the
love brothers fight fair rejects to see if this is an illegal chokehold well the
ref says everything's kosher well now both mad dog and the killer are in the
ring taking a beating and believe me it isn't pretty it's time to throw the fight
okay doki-ho these engines let's have a word with today's losers loaf what do you
think about losing the match we are sore mad dog and killer
next time we see you guys it'll be in the street we'll break your bones we'll
grind your end up buddy we'll turn your faces off you haven't heard the last of
us this is war we are generals you are the enemy beware mad dog beware killer we
know where you live we know where your parents live we will have you have it
and now a word from the winners mad dog you've heard the nasty brutal things
loaf said about you how do you respond to this well actually I feel that I want to
holler the loud funny words I like Darren he is my friend I like you and him he
likes me and I like him he likes you hey man the horse could be great but sitting
on the big orange couch is the only way to sneak easier on a rear-toon you won't
find them in never-never land they're not squishy and sweet and they don't make
you go googaloo they're the Nicktoons and they're not here to be cuddling Doug
Ren and Stimpy the Rugrats they'll battle the biggest bully climb the
highest toilet even well you don't want to know these are no stuffed animals
they've got real problems real adventures and they're loud so if
you're not satisfied with the old cookie-cutter cartoons you find
everywhere else turn to the Nicktoons tomorrow starting at 10 9 central on
Nick that smack of money the kids is really old and the crunches in the shade
copper-funky honey the crunches really great the crunches on the bunny
G.I. Joe doesn't get any bigger than this the G.I. Joe Hall of Fame collection
Duke Stocker, Snake Eyes and Cobra Commander each 12 inches tall and
authentic retail from Duke's life like hair to Cobra Commander's boots they've got
cloth uniforms, metal dog tags and accessories like weapons cases and
combat helmets and each member collectors edition is armed with an
awesome leg and sound weapon for really big action Cobra Commander Snake Eyes
Stocker and Duke sold separately from the G.I. Joe Hall of Fame collection a
whole new way to play how a count eats a Reese's peanut butter cup I like to eat
the peanut butter first there's no wrong way to eat a Reese's
when you're a Brooklyn kids club member fun things happen you get a membership card
stickers are free birthday meal and mail build a cool stuff you can join it
any Burger King for free all you gotta be as a kid Burger King has your favorite
kids club characters going in circles on cool spinning tops launch into fun with
Jaws, Kid Vid, Wheels and Boomer you can collect all four tops and launchers
one with every kids meal only at Burger King for the fun keep spinning your
way just because you're not the same it doesn't mean you're weird or
just different being different just because you're a different one there's no
telling what you might become thinking different just because you don't fit a
trend doesn't mean you're not as good as them you're different and being
different is being great just be who you really are that's what makes
superstar being different it's not who you are and it's who you are and being
yourself is being great from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
being different talking different thinking things a little different
being different is being great what if one day you came home from school and
now you know why Yogi just has to break the rules in a world where between meal
snacks are a crime he's an outlaw always on the run from the man with the
badge that food-loving fugitive bear is Nickelodeon's most wanted Yogi Bear
catch him weekdays at 433 30 central on Nickelodeon the only network for you
has just taken on the one and only Muppet babies to weekdays at 2 1
central on Nickelodeon we're called the Midnight Society separately we're very
different we like different things we go to different schools and we have
different friends but one thing draws us together the dark each week we gather
around this fire to share our fears and our strange and scary tales it's what
got us together and it's what keeps bringing us back this is a warning to
hallowed join us you're going to leave the comfort of the light the step into
the world of the supernatural hey watch it man right more you're here to be
considered as a new member of the midnight society yeah what's with the
blindfold this meeting place is secret yeah and you're not in yet swell who
sponsors Frank I do he's a good guy yeah but can you tell a good story who said
that to be a member you have to tell us a scary tale then we both and it has to
be unanimous or you're not in you ready hey I'm ready are you guys ready
I'm sorry not unless you get in you're the sponsor Dave you got to start remember
how to do it say the word any time okay let's do it
submitted for the approval of the midnight society I called the story the
tale of a phantom cab Denny and Buzz were brothers and he was big strong
and smart buzz was well kind of a geek who wanted to prove himself to his big
brother neither guy knew was that on this hiking trip buzz was gonna get the
chance so where are we tanto it's strange we're lost aren't we don't sweat
Denny I know how to plot a course you never trust me I did trust you and
you got us lost cheeseball we're not lost watch it great lame-wide now we're
lost and we can't read the map you are such a loser I'm not a loser so rich you
came up on we could circle back and take the red trail man this is what watch the
edge the guys really were lost
it was just a pain at first but nighttime was coming on fast and it was
getting cold it doesn't make sense we even know how to use this give me a
break we've been going south for hours we should have been in town by now look
the needle points north and we're headed south what can I say that's the way
you always hold it yeah so your belt buckle genius it's metal the needles
always gonna point to it because it's a magnet yeah oh we've been going the
wrong way all day now we're lost and it's freezing you are worthless no no I know
this place I should pound you maybe it's a ranger or maybe it's a hiker the
nose is way back to town I hope he's got a blanket I'm freezing me too forget it
you can freeze maybe it's a maniac kill on the hockey mask is gonna slash
us or maybe you should stay here and let me do the talking hey hello who's there
well turn off the brights hello what are we here I'm buzz and this is Denny we
got lost him can't find the trail back to town easy toad you're not a ranger are
you ranger no not me traveling same as you flins the name so what are you
doing up here you lost to lost me oh you might say that oh I suppose I couldn't
be truly lost I know these woods too well we far from town farther than you know
my friends farther than you know so can you help us get back me yeah I do I
don't see anybody else here you guys look half frozen tell you what you follow
me and I'll lead you to someone who can help you wait I wouldn't go with him
gives me the creeps you got a better idea don't worry I can handle this too why
don't you just tell us how to get back too far you never find your way in the
dark so who's this guy you're taking us to good doctor it's got a cottage
little ways up here in the woods what kind of a doctor lives in the woods
patience boys you'll see by the way how are you guys at solving riddles riddles
why just asking just asking there you go boys home of the good doctor just like I
promised you guys thought I was joking who lives here the seven dwarfs there's
just one thing guys before you go asking the doctor for help make sure you
really need it why well sometimes the pricey charges is a little steep so why
don't you just tell us how yo Flynn this is creepy let's both to where we're lost
remember you're not going in there what else are we gonna do it's freezing maybe
he's got a phone gov would you I'm sorry I got us lost Danny don't worry I'll
smack you when we get home
what's that Flynn I know it's you he's doing a good job
probably a raccoon boys have made a very grave mistake I don't suppose either of
you are any good at riddles great we'll be right back after this one two three
hey
about a new Mesa new legend is born heroes with girls and hires and whores
share a terrible was whipping up a scheme as Cal bullies game was looking real mean
but new Montana's always ready for trouble and he stopped that shirt with
his quick draw double Cal Aron wrote them as matter of course Geronimo rode the
iron horse with cannon blaze and he showed him who's best the good guys
win with everything you see here figures an iron horse eat soul separately this
is crazy they never they don't think they know there's no chemistry I
understand now really we must ask ourselves the basic question do you
find Lucille attractive oh we have got some problem here this is crazy crazy two
peaches with any topping two free crazy breads to free soft drinks offer 798 a
little Caesar's pizza pizza kids and animals face-to-face eye-to-eye nose to
beak on Nickelodeon's wild side show every Sunday at five four central on
are you afraid to snake don't be I think we have the wrong house bye boys boys
you've made a mistake if you like my door at this time of night you've taken a
wrong turn and lost your way correct yeah happens all the time come in come in
get warm to think doctor think think with a ver ver ver ver who wants tea I do hot tea
on a cold night perfect Flynn said you could help us find a way to get back
to a natural science huh that's why I'm here in case you're wondering I've
dedicated my life to studying flora and fauna who there are many strange and
wonderful things that occur in nature but no one takes the time to really look
and study observe this guy's enough to hold a true wonder of nature the brain
of a wild boar I've discovered that long after the body dies the brain still
gives off electric impulses can you imagine if that energy could be
honest and I am not a nut bag look my parents are probably going nuts by now
and riddles how are you boys at riddles doc we're tired and we just want to go
home indeed indeed but first the riddle try this one how far can you walk
into the woods we don't want to do riddles you must riddles exercise your
brain and where would you be with no brain I don't know ask the wild boar
halfway he asked how far he can walk into the woods halfway after that you'd be
walking out good very good you may do I'm gonna call her folks we've only just
begun no I think we're done we play by my rules but we don't play what do
you want another little is the deal I ask you will riddle and if you solve it you
can call your parents and if we don't solve it then you leave that's it we just
leave simple no let's do it I'm good at riddles okay what's the
wonderful wonderful what let's see there's the maybe the perfect choice this is a
little that has perplexed many and confounded even more and now young lads
it's your turn to solve it is it that has no weight and be seen by the naked
eye if you put it in a barrel it would make the barrel lighter I hate riddles
okay it's weightless it can be seen by the naked eye and if put in a barrel would
make the barrel lighter so goodbye I knew you wouldn't get it you had your
chance and fail like all the others others what others go away you know where
the door is take a left on the trail follow it to the dirt road and wait a
taxi cab will pick you up a cab in the woods comes by every night hurry all
you miss it come on doc just let us use the phone there is one way I suppose what
what's that you can leave me a specimen a specimen you're much smarter than your
brother gives you credit for what kind of specimen something I can use in my
experiments something that you something fresh something like goodbye for now wait
a minute wait a minute no fair you can't put a riddle in a story that can't be
solved maybe it can yeah right it's weightless you can see it and if you
put it in a barrel and makes a barrel lighter no way sounds like one of those
riddles you can't solve that's a cheat no maybe it can be solved maybe you should
all just lighten up and let me finish the story thank you so Danny and Buzz
beat feet back into the woods all they wanted was to get as far away from Dr.
Vink as possible somebody's hand you saw the guy's a little bit thick as soon as
we get home I'm calling the cops we're still lost you know yeah I know I think a
cab's gonna come by yeah real there's no cabs in the woods and are we ever glad
you came by take us into town our pants will be the firm when we get on don't
worry I know you're good for it I figured I'd run into you guys again guess
you didn't solve the riddle how do you know I give right to folks who can't
answer dr. Vink's riddles happened to me around 40 years ago years ago I gave
dr. Vink a ride up here in my cab he offered me a big tip if I could solve
the riddle I couldn't so he took a specimen from what kind of specimen
didn't see it at his house oh boy I think it's one of his favorites what is
it's not what it is what it was oh he took your hand I got off easy 40 years I've
been bringing folks up to dr. Vink's hoping they can solve the riddle but
they don't so they all end up here with me what happens to a dr. Vink's needs
its specimens you're a lying sack first of all you're not that old didn't I
tell you before the good doctor got his specimen had myself a nasty little
crash into this big old tree you might say they all died just like me every
night I have the same accident with a different fare it's kind of a curse you
probably heard some of my fairs up around dr. Vink's house nobody can leave
until someone solves dr. Vink's riddle you know somehow break the spell oh
well wait you see the accident we're gonna have this is gonna be a real doozy this
is your fault you said you could solve the riddle still got time you don't
crash another 30 seconds think fast boys think okay okay it's wait list it
could be seen by the naked eye there's put in a barrel they don't make the
barrel later we're dead we're dead I can't think like this you have to it's helium
helium will make the barrel later but you can't see helium won't be long now
what can you see that's weakness nothing air but you can't see air or can you
wait a second there's a trick here can't put something in the barrel to make it
lighter you have to take something out if you take something out of the barrel
itself it'll be lighter wait till you see the explosion we're gonna make I got
it I know the answer is it it's wait list you can see it and if you put it
in a barrel to make the barrel like it's gone we broke the curse we're
saved we didn't break the curse you did nice going but you're still a loser not
again you denny and buzz crocker your parents have been going nuts looking for
you the whole town's in an uproar come on get him what are you boys doing here
anyway tell me something how are you at riddles no one ever saw the phantom
cap again and when the boys brought the police back to dr. vink's cottage all that
was left was an old stone foundation covered with weeds the end and now the
vote thumbs up means frank sin comes down he's not and it has to be anonymous
David Kiki Betty Ann Kristen Eric and me
congratulations Frank welcome to the midnight society right we snicked they
will have snicked it is post-snick you can sneak again next Saturday night on
Nickelodeon let's go racing it's Super Mario Kart funny car madness
super any ass track into a giant mud pit part rubber on ice water ass loss
mix it up with a big boy see how is it is big put dropping drugs and you'll see
go-kart really go washrooms banana peels turtle shell dino might sec your
rear view and make a mean test we're going to battle mode and ruin his day to
speed fast and way too fast it's two-player pot on the split screen only
for the super Nintendo entertainment system now you're playing with our
super power every littlest pet shop pet comes with a home of its own
the taste is going to move your taste going strong the taste of juicy fruit is
going to move you all day long juicy fruit is going to move you choose the
song it gets right to you juicy fruit the taste of taste the taste is going to